<!----- Conversion time: 1.03 seconds.


Using this Markdown file:

1. Cut and paste this output into your source file.
2. See the notes and action items below regarding this conversion run.
3. Check the rendered output (headings, lists, code blocks, tables) for proper
   formatting and use a linkchecker before you publish this page.

Conversion notes:

* Docs to Markdown version 1.0#17
* Thu Oct 17 2019 13:02:03 GMT-0700 (PDT)
* Source doc: https://docs.google.com/a/ucsb.edu/open?id=1KQ0Fx3lFRSSQUEVlPixQ-UFid5DDXjpcNVZHWxWIsdA

git detected iso8859.
----->


2019-10-10 VTC discussion

Note taker(s): Margaret, Susanne, Tim 

Present: 



*   Yang Xia
*   Margaret O'Brien
*   Don Henshaw
*   Suzanne Remillard
*   Susanne Clarke
*   Kristin Vanderbilt
*   Tim Whiteaker
*   Wade Sheldon
*   Renée Brown

Absent:



*   Corinna Gries (traveling)
*   Julien Brun
*   Lindsey Rustad

**Agenda**

Create a planning document that lists the next steps for creating the next generation of LTER meteorological and hydrological products. 

This document would include a time line for:



*   Discuss this with IM executive group (what is reasonable to ask sites to do in terms of populating ClimDB, site or network products)
*   Requesting all LTER sites to update their met/hydro information using the existing ClimDB/HydroDB
*   Archiving the ClimDB/HydroDB content in EDI (Phase 1, see ESIP notes)
*   Determine the next steps for putting previous and future data packages into CUAHSI ODM.
*   Apply for EDI 2020 Summer fellow who could help in the process (processing and publishing synthesized and harmonized data, where would be the most suitable host site?).

If you have suggestions for other related tasks we need to discuss, please let me know. Once completed, we will request a review of the document by the LTER IMs in an RFC.

**NOTES**

**Update from Wade on his efforts of converting data to CUAHSI**

Progress is low, lots of transitions. 

Ready to mine all data currently in ClimDB and save/generate as std wide tables.

Started recording at h:12, approx 5 min into Wade's update.

EML documented in EDI, level 2 product

Work on test case while sites update data in ClimDB: One package per site with several tables, each representing one station.

Sites' update of data and metadata in ClimDB



*   Set target date for sites to update of data tables and metadata
*   Problem might be that metadata in ClimDB are scarcely populated.
*   Sites need to fill in climate station information
*   Don: Should we update in existing ClimDB or elsewhere?
*   Where is content of siteDB located? Maybe in EDI? Site DB is stale. If information is updated in ClimDB, site DB is not synchronized.
*   Word template or spreadsheet might be best to collect this information: 
    *   SITE WORKSHEET FROM CUAHSI would be best. 
    *   Optional: Methods information which could go in CUAHSI methods document.
*   Should we only do this for the LTER core stations or also USGS stations (usgs data is already in cuahsi)?
    *   2019-10-11 comment: Tim thinks it's fine to update USGS data in the EDI version, but when you send stuff to CUAHSI, it should just be the non-USGS stuff. Otherwise, it clutters the CUAHSI end user experience because there are duplicate time series in the system (one from ClimDB, and one from CUAHSI's own catalog of USGS time series). 
*   Missing context metadata needs to be collected, probably via a spreadsheet
    *   Minimum required for ODM
    *   Optional
    *   Other docs, methods

**Summary:**



1. Each site produces one package with several tables each for one station
2. Sites fill out the CUAHSI site worksheet and if appropriate the CUAHSI methods document

 

Packaging (from toolbox)

One data table per station, one package per contributor  (lter site or other)

Experimental forests: pathway for them might be different than for others.

**Decision points: \
**What is archived (full db)

What is exported for tables (via toolbox)

Does EML have an edi package id or a contributor package ID?

What is contributed to CUAHSI

**Open questions**

How do we handle updates, for both what goes into EDI and what goes into CUAHSI

Is this a network policy issue?

**Action items**



1. <span style="text-decoration:underline;">Wade and Adam</span>: templates, sample data packages - 
    1. ODM 1.1
    2. start with network creator, 
        1. Scope: ? tbd could be edi, nwk,
2. <span style="text-decoration:underline;">Tim/Suzanne/Renee</span> discuss within IM exec.  about what??? be specific so IMExec can be productive.
    3. DEPENDENCY: sample data pkgs (item 1)
    4. Scope: Is this a network activity or site activity?
    5. What is a reasonable request to make of sites regarding:
        2. is this a one-time thing?
        3. what about updates?  Shall we ask sites to populate or publish in the community model for data that would have gone to climdb (ie, sites make Level 1)?
3. <span style="text-decoration:underline;">Susanne</span> - Contact and update Forest service (Lindsey Rustad) on LTER efforts
4. Metadata fields for a template (and to ask contributors for)
    6. DEPENDENCY: sample data pkgs (item 1)
5. Next meeting November 14
6. <span style="text-decoration:underline;">Susanne/Margaret</span> Distill notes, integrate with level stuff into github

**Conclusions**



1. Level 0 data is whatever the site provides. Level 1 is a harmonized data structure, but still with the original temporal resolution. Level 2 has a harmonized temporal resolution and is the source of data for what we export to CUAHSI.

<!-- Docs to Markdown version 1.0#17 -->

